this is my calculator logic:

basic arithmetic operations:

addition, subtraction, multiplication and division

let a=0,b=0
if operation contains "+", then return a+b
if operation contains "-", then return a-b
if operation contains "*", then return a*b
if operation contains "/", then return a/b

what would be the limitations of this?
no algebraic calculations included.
didnt conside whole numbers


updated logic after consulting with chatgpt:

what i lacked in my previous logic:

1. how to take the input.
2. how to validate the input. i have only written basic arithmetic operations, 
but what if user inputs something else than what i defined. for eg, addition of 3 numbers, 
how to process the errors? 
3. showing the result. 

i proceeded with writing the code. discovered if you type something, ai with autofinish the entire code. 
i just pressed enter , typed next line, ai finishes. 
i managed to complete the code. but its doesnt feel correct. i tried to run it,but error.

consulation no.2 

i asked chatgpt whats wrong in this code, he made me understand whats wrong. 
i admitted i didnt write it by myself, so he helped me with baby steps.
now the task to rewrite the logic and do a psuedo code

1. Ask user for first integer: a=int(input("Enter first number:"))
2. Ask user for second integer: b=int(input("Enter second number:"))
3. Ask user for the operation: operation = input("Enter the operation (+,-,*,/)")

now focus on the first operation, ie addition

if operation= +
result = a + b
return result

print result 


self feedback after coding the above logic: what if the user wanted to add 4 numbers or something more 

logic before consulation: let the user enter the operation and we will just input the result. instead of asking individual numbers, let user have the control of what the operation should be
from the first line.

if he enters 1+2+3 ; then 3 numbers should be saved to 3 variables. and detect the operator in between and it should trigger the operation

consulation 3: i discovered lists. the logic of saving the integers into different variables was limiting
the thinking should have been, how to save it together in a collection.
list is an example. it will take the input, extract the numbers and then store in a list as [1,2,3]

but then what about the operation???? hmmm.

lets research.

consulation 4 : came to know about expression parsing. i researched about how to take the input and store in the list
it said, to split the input and then take the integers in list and then do the operation
the initial idea is to just do the addition. 
so i wrote to split the input wherever there is +
and the rest integers will the saved in a list, through a loop
next step is to do the sum. code run successfully.


testing the logic: i tried to add a string to the input for addition. it gave a value error. 
this situation should be taken care of with proper error message. 

logic for the error message:

if detected any string in the input, then show error "Invalid input, Please try again"
then the input window should remain open for the next entry.

consulation 5:apparently the logic of detecting the string in input is wrong. input() in python 
is always taking a string as input from user. so 1+2+3 is always an integer. for arithmetic operations
it was being converted to int. 
so here the thought process should be, an error should be shown when the conversion to int is not possible. 
in the current code, before saving the numbers to list, its being converted to int. so my logic now
is to detect the piece which is not being turnt to int. 


