this is my calculator logic:

basic arithmetic operations:

addition, subtraction, multiplication and division

let a=0,b=0
if operation contains "+", then return a+b
if operation contains "-", then return a-b
if operation contains "*", then return a*b
if operation contains "/", then return a/b

what would be the limitations of this?
no algebraic calculations included.
didnt conside whole numbers


updated logic after consulting with chatgpt:

what i lacked in my previous logic:

1. how to take the input.
2. how to validate the input. i have only written basic arithmetic operations, 
but what if user inputs something else than what i defined. for eg, addition of 3 numbers, 
how to process the errors? 
3. showing the result. 

i proceeded with writing the code. discovered if you type something, ai with autofinish the entire code. 
i just pressed enter , typed next line, ai finishes. 
i managed to complete the code. but its doesnt feel correct. i tried to run it,but error.

consulation no.2 

i asked chatgpt whats wrong in this code, he made me understand whats wrong. 
i admitted i didnt write it by myself, so he helped me with baby steps.
now the task to rewrite the logic and do a psuedo code

1. Ask user for first integer: a=int(input("Enter first number:"))
2. Ask user for second integer: b=int(input("Enter second number:"))
3. Ask user for the operation: operation = input("Enter the operation (+,-,*,/)")

now focus on the first operation, ie addition

if operation= +
result = a + b
return result

print result 


self feedback after coding the above logic: what if the user wanted to add 4 numbers or something more 

logic before consulation: let the user enter the operation and we will just input the result. instead of asking individual numbers, let user have the control of what the operation should be
from the first line.

if he enters 1+2+3 ; then 3 numbers should be saved to 3 variables. and detect the operator in between and it should trigger the operation

consulation 3: i discovered lists. the logic of saving the integers into different variables was limiting
the thinking should have been, how to save it together in a collection.
list is an example. it will take the input, extract the numbers and then store in a list as [1,2,3]

but then what about the operation???? hmmm.